Oh gimme can you see me operating a
drill press I don't know what are you
wearing things why would you want to
operate a drill prize just for some
short-term work you know until I get
back some of my massage clients pirates
again no nothing like that such a dummy
I taught this massage yourself at home
workshop and they are cute hey chance
she could work for you thanks Joey
that's a good idea I could do it what is
it well my secretary is gonna be out for
a couple of weeks she's having one of
her boobs reduced it's a whole big boob
story I could be secretary what you know
Pheebs I don't know if it's your kind of
thing because it involves a lot of being
normal for a large portion of the day I
could do that
can you hear that
yeah see that'll stop when you pick up
the phone mr. bings office no I'm sorry
he's in a meeting right now I'm right Oh
will he know what this is in reference
to Andy has your number all right I'll
see that he gets the message bye-bye
cross that time ah so fun all right what
do we do now well now I actually have to
get to work most likely
okay I'm gonna be out there okay all
right bye-bye
yes hey hey how was the first day Oh
excellent
everyone was so so nice see it pays to
know the man who wears my shoes me no I
didn't tell anybody that I knew you why
not
Oh cuz you know they don't like you what
I thought you'd do that no huh who
doesn't like me everyone except for um
no everyone what are you talking about
don't feel bad you know they used to
like you a lot but then you got promoted
and you know now you're all like mr.
bossman you know mr. big mr. big bossman
big I can't believe it yeah yeah they
even do you they do me
you know like um okay um could that
report be any later
I don't sound like that oh yeah you do
the hills are alive with the sound of
music
my stone my scone okay I don't sound
like that that is so not true
that is so not that is so enough that
I'll shut up